## About
This repository contains code and data for showing an issue I have with go's `zlib` package.

Run:
1. `go run main.go`
2. `python3 decompress.py`

## What is the issue?
I cannot decode valid compressed chunks from zlib stream using go's `zlib` package.

## What are those chunks?
They are messages generated by a text game server (MUD). This game server send compressed stream of messages in multiple chunks, first of which contains zlib header and others do not.

I have captured two chunks (first and second) with a proxy called "mcclient", which is a sidecar to provide compression for MUD clients that do not support compression. It is written in C and uses C `zlib` library to decode compressed chunks.

Chunks are contained in "chunks" directory and are numerated `0` and `1`. `*.in` files contain compressed data. `*.out` contain uncompressed data captured from mcclient. `*.log` contain status of zlib decompression (return code of `inflate` call).

A special `all.in` chunk is chunk `0` concatenated with chunk `1`.

## Why do I think they are valid?
1. `mcclient` successfully decompresses input chunks with C's `zlib` without any issues. `*.log` status shows `0` which means Z_OK which means no errors in zlib parlance.
2. `zlib-flate -uncompress < chunks/all.in` works without any errors under Linux and decompresses to same content. Under Mac OS it also decompresses to same content, but with warning `zlib-flate: WARNING: zlib code -5, msg = input stream is complete but output may still be valid` — which look as expected because chunks do not contain "official" stream end.
3. Python code in `decompress.py` correctly decompresses with both `all.in` and `0`/`1` chunks without any issues.

## What is the issue with go's zlib?
See `main.go` — it tries to decompress those chunks, starting with `all.in` and then trying to decompress chunks `0` and `1` step by step.

An attempt to decode `all.in` (`func all()`) somewhat succeeds, at least decompressed data is the same, but zlib reader returns error `flate: corrupt input before offset 446`. 

When trying real-life scenario of decompressing chunk by chunk (`func stream()`), zlib reader decodes first chunk with expected data, but returning an error `flate: corrupt input before offset 32`, and subsequent attempt to decode chunk `1` fails completely.

## The question
Is it possible to use go's `zlib` package in some kind of "streaming" mode which is suited for scenario like this? I have asked a question on Stackoverflow about this.